# Capstone-III

The following code, uses a previously coded program called task_manager.py. Task_manager.py is a management system in which the users and tasks are stored in two external text files,
with the users having the format "user, password" and the tasks having the format "user, task, brief description of task, date assigned, date due, complete". The goal is to allow users to log in with credentials and verify them by reading the textfiles. If the username and password is correct a menu screen is displayed. if the username is correct and the password is incorrect "incorrect password" is outputted, if the username is incorrect and the password is correct an appropriate error message is given, if neither are correct an error message is also given.
The menu screen should have the options reg_user as a function that gets called when a user enters r , add_task as a function that gets called when a user enters u, view_all as a function that gets called when a user enters va , view_mine as a function that gets called when a user enters va.
Only the admin should be able to register a user, and once a user gets register the user.txt file must be updated. If you are not admin, an appropriate error message should be outputted.
add_task, adds a task and updates the tasks.txt file, anyone can use this function. view_all, shows displays all tasks on the screen. view_mine displays all tasks on the screen, numbered.
The user should be able to, once chosen 'vm' edit their tasks to change the username to which the task is assigned, and the date is due. You can also mark the task as completed. However if a task is marked complete you are no longer able to edit it. Once the task has been edited the tasks.txt has been updated.
The admin menu should be slightly different to the normal user menu, the admin menu should have two extra options: generate reports, display statistics. Generate reports should generate two text files: 
task_overview and user_overview. The task_overview should contain:  the total number of tasks generated and tracked using task_manager.py. The total number of completed tasks. The total number of uncompleted tasks. The total number of tasks that haven't been complated and that are overdue. The percentage of tasks that are incomplete. The percentage of tasks that are overdue.
user_overview should contain: The total number of tasks assigned to that user. What percentage of the total number of tasks have been assigned to that user. What percentage of the tasks assigned to that user have been completed.
What percentage of the tasks assigned to that user must still be completed. What percentage of tasks assigned to that user are incomplete and overdue.
Display statistics should display user_overview and task_overview on the screen.
